hey guys it's Brian I'm gonna show you
how to get to the realm of the choir
which will unlock the choir trophy now
you need to get a upper cathedral key
you do that by going the unseen village
now this is the version of the village
after you kill the spider boss and this
is where all the enemies will respawn
and you got the bell ringing people that
respawn all the enemies in the area so
this is the again the second version of
the unseen village now from that spawn
from that lantern you're just gonna have
to probably best off here just to avoid
all these enemies and run past them but
we're gonna have to get to the part
right before where that things shooting
the laser if you've been here you know
what I'm talking about so we're gonna
make our way down here now if you don't
have this door open down here you're
gonna have to go through the passageway
just to the left there and kind of make
your way around but you're gonna come
out over here then you're gonna go up
these stairs and then just to the right
there's going to be a place we can drop
down to a lower level and that would be
right here so we're gonna drop down and
then we're gonna go grab the key that's
gonna be inside here we just have to
fall down one more time be careful that
guy there so grab this key here from the
person sitting in the chair and then
we're gonna go to the upper cathedral
now to do that you have to travel back
to the hunters dream here and then go to
the cathedral ward now once we're in the
cathedral ward you're going to have to
go through the entrance to the right and
back up an elevator now you may remember
this path here when we went in the
previous video where we went to the
abandoned old workshop and this is not
far from there so let's just go ahead
and call the elevator down and
thankfully this time there's no dropping
in in fear of losing health unless you
get hit by these enemies of course but
you can sprint past month most of these
all right so once you go down this path
you're gonna go inside this building and
up the staircase to the right and once
we get up here we can go back outside
and circle around to the left and from
here we're going to find a ladder that
we can climb up so go ahead and do that
and then just to the left here we're
gonna circle around and we're gonna be
able to enter the building here again
and straight in front of us is gonna be
the door so just be careful this guy
here
that's a flame thrower he's carrying as
soon as you open up this door just
continue walking forward and you will
pop the trophy that is the choir and
you'll get it once you get to the upper
cathedral board continue on and there is
another lantern and some other goodies
for you so thanks for watching